welcome to another unboxing this is the
Roccat Kone pure a gaming mouse for the
gamers who want all of the gaming
features imma let that sink in for a
moment so in terms of features what do
we got
Pro aim laser sensor r3 so it's an 8200
dpi sensor that they're claiming is good
for up to 1200 fps okay so it should be
very smooth movement button duplicator
easy shift + will show you this on the
mouse itself so what that basically
allows you to do is set up a shift
button that enables different
functionality of the other buttons so
instead of going ok function 1 2 3 4 5 6
7 you can go okay shift 1 and then that
could be function 8 for example so you
can have you can have a shift button
that allows you to enable more
functionality this is great for MMO
players maybe less of a factor for FPS
players customizable lighting multicolor
so 16 point whatever million colors on
the Rockette logo at the back rocket
rocket I keep saying it wrong TDC U is
interesting so this is a tracking
technology that is designed to help you
control how much your lift distance
affects the sensitivity of the mouse
itself so so you can configure how much
lift distance you want to have before it
stops sensing and allows you to not sort
of move all over the place
when you lift the mouse up when you get
to the edge of your mouse pad one other
solution to that problem is to get a
bigger mouse pad and that's usually what
I recommend especially if you're a low
sensitivity gamer it's nice to have a
nice big pad but it's nice to know that
if you lift it's not going to go all
over the place so it's got light system
drivers and macros ah rocket talk so
rocket talk is a good one
what rocket talk does is it actually
allows you with multiple rocket devices
that support rocket talk rocket talk
they are able to communicate with each
other to enable sort of certain certain
bonuses so whether it's things like
ambient lighting effects or feedback
based on you know you got some like
poison thing going on and the color of
your mouse can actually change to green
when there's a poison effect I mean not
everyone looks at their mouth while
they're gaming but it's just one of
those things is kind of cool especially
if you're at a LAN you know you
you're low on mana and all your
peripherals starting to grow glow blue
and kind of cool things like that
they've also got what they call I
totally have a cheat sheet for this you
guys because I just kind of gave up on
remembering everything talk FX which is
audio feedback which will actually allow
you to go okay I'm going to change my
profile but maybe I'm not staring at my
mouse so maybe like we've seen mice that
have color changing effects when you
change profiles but maybe I'm not
looking at it say that same thing where
maybe I'm not looking at it when the man
is low because I'm concerned with
replenishing my mana what it'll do is
it'll actually tell you through your
speakers the new dpi setting that you've
changed you can configure what kinds of
things that will tell you so for example
it can even say things like volume up
they've got a demo on their website
that's actually pretty neat so so that's
cool 32-bit turbo core ARM processor so
it's got a fast chip in it 576 kilobytes
of onboard memory allows you to store
tons of macros and settings and it's got
seven mouse buttons which we showed you
before high build quality using Omron
switches so let's actually show you the
mouse itself so it's a bit on the
smaller side it's not a huge Mouse by
any stretch of the imagination it is
ergonomically shaped so you can see it's
designed for right-handed people shorter
index finger longer middle finger just a
2 2 D mouse button so there's no left
and right shift just a click and then up
and down you've got back and forward
buttons here on the left I think these
are a must for any Mouse these days if
you don't have back and forward then
it's sort of brutal and then these guys
right here for profile switching or
honestly whatever else you would like so
then 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 those are your
buttons this is the lighting zone right
here and on the bottom you find your
8200 dpi sensor along with some Teflon
pads along the top and the bottom of the
mouse these are big enough that you're
not going to have any issues with them I
hated some of the old mice they used to
have little tiny pads like in the
corners and it made them wear out a lot
faster was very 9 they'd come off too
because there's not enough adhesive on
them so that was just ridiculous so in
terms of ergonomics I'd say this is
about perfect for my hands even a touch
on the small side if I was going to Palm
it out right because you can see that if
I put my palm here my fingers are going
to go right to the end of the mouse
itself so it's more of a claw grip Mouse
and I mean you know what here I'm going
to take the camera from slick for a
second here I'm going
let him put his hand on it just to give
you some idea so that's with sort of a
baseball glove baseball mitt sized hand
Nowak sorry do it again I didn't get you
before baseball mitt sized hand so you
can see it's a little bit on the small
side for him so I'd say this one is
would be great for girls guys with
smaller hands but not necessarily
optimized for extremely large hands and
I'm totally going to go back to my cheat
sheet make sure I didn't miss anything
and I think we are good so don't forget
to subscribe
oh yeah the rocket achievements so
there's actually an application built
into the driver that will track your
usage now this can be useful because
it'll tell you things like which buttons
are being over utilized or underutilized
so that you can optimize better for you
know your gameplay which ones you find
easiest to reach maybe you have a hard
to reach button and you're using that
one all the time and an easy to reach
button that you're not using all the
time so you can track stats like that
and it also gives you little
achievements like I think diesel one
called scroll master sultan of scroll
that's what it was called so that's
pretty funny don't forget to subscribe
to Linus tech tips for more unboxings
reviews and other computer videos